.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Thorsten Kukuk
.\" This file is part of the yp-tools.
.\" Author: Thorsten Kukuk <kukuk@linux-nis.org>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
.\" Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH yp_dump_binding 8 "April 2014" "YP Tools 3.4"
.SH NAME
yp_dump_binding - dump binding files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yp_dump+binding
[
.BI \-d " domain"
][
.BI \-p " path"
][
.BI \-v " version"
]
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B yp_dump_binding
prints the content of the binding files in
.B /var/yp/binding
for the corresponding
.BR domainname (8).
This tool is for debugging purpose.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-d " domain"
Specify a domain other than the default domainname as returned by
.BR domainname (8).
.TP
.BI \-p " path"
Specify an alternate path to the binding files.
.TP
.BI \-v " version"
Display only the binding file of a specific protocol version. By
default the files of all versions are shown.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR domainname (8),
.BR ypbind (8),
.BR ypcat (8),
.BR ypmatch (1),
.BR ypserv (8),
.BR ypset (8),
.BR ypwhich (1)
.LP
.SH AUTHOR
.B yp_dump_binding
is part of the
.B yp-tools
package, which was written by Thorsten Kukuk <kukuk@linux-nis.org>.
